{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang2057\deflangfe2057\themelang2057\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}
{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0302020204030204}Calibri Light;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f49\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f50\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f51\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f418\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f419\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}
{\f420\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}{\f421\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri Light CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Light Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Light Greek;}
{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Light Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31533\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri Light (Hebrew);}{\fhimajor\f31534\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri Light (Arabic);}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Light Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri Light (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang2057\langfe2057\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa160\sl259\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang2057\langfe2057\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid29063\rsid8806035}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Darrell Hixon}{\creatim\yr2020\mo12\dy30\hr10\min19}
{\revtim\yr2020\mo12\dy30\hr10\min22}{\version2}{\edmins3}{\nofpages8}{\nofwords3224}{\nofchars18379}{\nofcharsws21560}{\vern15}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot29063 \nouicompat \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang2057\langfe2057\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp2057\langfenp2057 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Terms & Conditions
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. WE DRAW YOUR ATTENTION TO YOUR RIGHTS OF RETURN AND CANCELLATION IN CLAUSE 7 AND THE LIMITS TO OUR LIABILITY IN CLAUSE 8.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1. Our Contract
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1.1 These Terms and Conditions govern the supply of goods sold by }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Daztek Ltd}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  of Peterborough, United Kingdom (the company) to the customer (you). 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1.2 All orders placed by you and purchases of goods from us (whether by telephone, via our website or by such other means as we may permit) are on the basis of\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 these Terms and Conditions and are subject to acceptance by us delivering the goods to you.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1.3 The processing of your payment and acknowledgment of your order (including sending you an email confirming your order is being processed) does not constitute l\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
egal acceptance of your order.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1.4 Every quotation, pro-forma invoice, price list or other similar document made or issued by }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Daztek}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  Limited (the company) is made or issued subject to these General Terms and Conditions of Sale. These terms and conditions
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  do not affect consumers' statutory rights as contained in current legislation governing the relationship between consumers and businesses.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 2. Ordering
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 2.1 On our website, you may place an order to purchase a product advertised for sale by following the on\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
screen prompts after clicking on the item you wish to purchase. You will have an opportunity to check and correct any input errors in your order up until the point at which you place your order by clicking the "Order Summary" button on the checkout page.

\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 2\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
.2 All orders placed by you and purchases of goods by you from us are subject to acceptance by us (as described in clause 1.2). We may choose not to accept your order or purchase for any reason and will not be liable to you or to anyone else in those circ
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 u\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 mstances.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 2.3 Where we accept your order, we have a legal duty to supply goods that are in conformity with these Terms and Conditions.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3. Price & Payment
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.1 The price payable for the goods you order or purchase is as set out on our website at the time you\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 submit your order, plus any charges for delivery as advised to you. All prices include the current applicable VAT rate unless otherwise stated.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.2 Website prices are correct at time of purchase, and we reserve the right to update prices in the future.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3 Occasionally, we advertise goods at a promotional price; you must quote the relevant promotion code, otherwise you may be charged the full price.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.4 Occasionally, an error may occur and goods may be either incorrectly priced or described in which case w\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
e will not be obliged to supply the goods at the incorrect price or in accordance with the incorrect description or at all. We reserve the right to correct any errors from time to time. We will (at our discretion) either cancel your order and refund the p
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 r\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ice you have paid or use reasonable }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 endeavors}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 to contact you and ask you whether you wish to continue with the order at the correct price or correct description. If we are unable to contact you or you do not wish to continue with the order at the correct \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
price or correct description, we will cancel your order and refund the price you have paid.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.5 We must receive payment for the whole of the price of the goods you order and purchase, and any applicable charges for delivery, before your order can be proces\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
sed unless we have agreed otherwise in advance in writing.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.6 For website orders, payment can be made by most major credit or debit cards, by completing the relevant details on the checkout page.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.7 By using a credit/debit card to pay for your order or p\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 urchase, you confirm that the card being used is yours or that you are authorised to use it. By using }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 PayPal,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 you confirm that the PayPal account being used is yours.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.8 All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by th\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
e card issuer. All PayPal payments are subject to authorisation by PayPal. If the issuer of the card or PayPal refuses to authorise payment we will not accept your order or purchase, we will not be obliged to inform you of the reason for the refusal, and 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 w\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
e will not be liable for the item not being delivered or provided to you. We are not responsible for the card issuer or bank charging the holder of the card as a result of our processing of your credit/debit card payment in accordance with your order or p
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 u\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 rchase or if PayPal charges you for making the order.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.9 We recommend that you do not communicate your payment card details or PayPal details and password to anyone, including us, by email. Subject to clause 8.2, we cannot be responsible for any losses yo
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 u may incur in transmitting information to us by internet link or by email. Any such loss shall be entirely your responsibility.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.10 If you are a trade customer, you are responsible for all orders placed by your employees and we are not bound by any indiv\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 idual order limit you may impose on your employees.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.11 If you are a trade customer, you may not withhold payment of any invoice or other amount due to us by reason of any right of set off or counterclaim, which you may have, or allege to have.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.12 We sh\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 all be entitled at all times to set off any debt or claim which we may have against you against any sums due from us to you.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3.13 The format of our invoice and statements to you will solely be dictated by us.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4. Delivery & Title
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4.1 We aim to deliver the g\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
oods in accordance with your order usually within the stated delivery time (except in exceptional circumstances) but not more than 30 days after the day you place your order, unless otherwise agreed between you and us, subject always to clause 5 and 11. W
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  reserve the right to deliver an order in instalments by separate delivery shipments.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4.2 Before placing your order, please refer to the delivery options set out on our website to ensure that we can deliver to your address. A valid signature may be require\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
d on delivery. In the unlikely event that you have not received all the goods within the stated delivery time, you must notify us immediately. We strongly suggest that you do not schedule or commence any installation work until after you have received you
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 r\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  order and checked all the goods are suitable for your purposes and do not have any defects or missing parts.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4.3 For reasons of health and safety and to avoid any property damage, items can only be delivered to the exterior of a ground floor location at t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
he delivery address. You must therefore make your own arrangements at your own risk if the relevant item needs to be transported from the delivery location. We will not provide any unpacking, installation, fitting or waste removal services upon delivery u
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 n\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 less otherwise agreed by us in writing.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4.4 You must do all that you reasonably can to enable delivery to take place at the give\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
n time and place. If you delay delivery, or delivery fails because you have not taken appropriate steps, we will try to arrange for an alternative delivery date within 30 days of the failed delivery. If delivery fails as a result of circumstances within y
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ur reasonable control, the cost of any re-delivery shall be borne by you. If we are unable to arrange a date for }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 re-delivery,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 we may cancel your order and refund to you the price that you have paid for the goods, less the failed delivery costs.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 4.5 Without \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
prejudice to clause 4.4, upon delivery of the goods to you or collection of the goods by you, the goods shall be at your risk and responsibility. In spite of delivery, ownership (also known as title) in the goods shall not pass to you until you have paid 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 he price for the goods in full and, where other sums payable to us from you are overdue, you have paid those sums too. Until title in the goods passes from us to you, you shall: (}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
) not be entitled to use the goods; (ii) safely hold the goods for us; (iii)\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 return the goods to us immediately if we ask you to; and (iv) be liable to us for any loss, damage or destruction of the goods. In addition, until title in the goods passes from us to you, you shall store the goods at your own cost separately from all ot
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 h\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 er goods in your possession and marked in such a way that they are clearly identified as our property. You grant us an irrevocable }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 license}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 to enter, with or without vehicles, any of your premises for the purpose of inspecting or repossessing the goods.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 5. \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Availability
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 5.1 All goods are subject to availability. While we }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 endeavor}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 to hold sufficient stock to meet all orders and purchases, if we have insufficient stock to supply or deliver the goods ordered and paid for by you, we will attempt to contact you u\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
sing the details you have provided to us to ask you how you wish to proceed. We may, at our discretion, process any part of the order which is available. Where goods are out of stock, we will refund you the price paid for such goods as soon as possible an
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 d\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  in any case within 30 days or, in the case of an account customer, we may, in our absolute discretion, as soon as possible raise a credit to offset the amount invoiced to you.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6. Manufacturer's Warranties & Guarantees
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6.1 Some of our goods are sold with a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 manufacturer's warranty, guarantee or similar assurance (please see the relevant product description on our website for further details). Any complaint, query or claim under a manufacturer's warranty, guarantee or similar assurance must be made direct to
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 the manufacturer and we do not have any responsibility or liability under or in connection with any such warranty, guarantee or assurance.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6.2 Any manufacturer's warranty, guarantee or similar assurance applies in addition to your legal rights if you are a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  consumer.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6.3 Some products may feature an extended manufacturer\hich\f37 \rquote \loch\f37 s warranty. These need to be registered within 28 days of purchase.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 6.4 For our complete Return and Warranty Policy, please see }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
HYPERLINK http://www.dazteck.tk/return-warranty-policy.html }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b7c00000068007400740070003a002f002f007700770077002e00640061007a007400650063006b002e0074006b002f00720065007400750072006e002d00770061007200720061006e00740079002d0070006f006c00
6900630079002e00680074006d006c000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0003}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ht\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
tp://www.dazteck.tk/return-warranty-policy.html}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7. Cancellation, Returns & Refunds
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Cancellation
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
7.1 You may cancel your order and return the items purchased to us by giving us notice of cancellation within 30 days of the date of delivery to you or your collection from a trade counter (as applicable). In relation to goods delivered to you, you may ne
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
d to take delivery of the goods before you can cancel your order if the goods are placed into our delivery process before we receive your notice of cancellation. Where your order comprises multiple delivery shipments, the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 30-day}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  cancellation period for the\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 goods in your order runs from the date of the delivery of the last shipment to you.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.2 You will lose your right to cancel after the expiry of the }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 30-day}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  period referred to in clause 7.1 (this does not affect your rights if there is any problem with the g\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 oods).
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
7.3 To exercise your right to cancel, you may inform us of your decision to cancel by post, phone or email using the contact details set out below at clause 14. If you are cancelling because of any problem with the goods, please notify us of the pro
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 blem at the time of cancellation.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.4 On cancellation for whatever reason, where you have received the goods you must return the goods to us (together with the original packaging) without undue delay and in any event within 14 days after the day of the can
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
cellation at your cost, unless we agree that you may dispose of them, in which case please comply with the manufacturer's instructions before disposing of hazardous goods. You must return goods with all components and also any promotional items received (
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 i\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ncluding free gifts) or discounted additional products. For more information on the ways in which you can return the goods you have received, please see the Returns section of our website at }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HYPERLINK https://www.daztech.tk/return-warranty-policy.html }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b7e000000680074007400700073003a002f002f007700770077002e00640061007a0074006500630068002e0074006b002f00720065007400750072006e002d00770061007200720061006e00740079002d0070006f00
6c006900630079002e00680074006d006c000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0003}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 http\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
s://www.daztech.tk/return-warranty-policy.html}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  7.5 Following cancellation, subject to clause 7.7, we will refund you the price paid for the cancelled order (or part of the order cancelled). Where you cancel the entire order, we will also refund the sta
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ndard delivery charges (or an amount equal to the standard delivery charges if you elect to use a more expensive delivery method) paid. Where you cancel part of an order, we will not refund the delivery charges. We will pay the refund within 14 days after
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 the day:
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.5.1 you notified us to cancel your order, where you have not received the goods; or,
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.5.2 we receive the goods you returned to us, where you are in receipt of the goods; or
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.5.3 you provide us with a proof of return for the goods, where you ha\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ve returned the goods but we have not yet received them.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.6 We will refund you using the same means of payment as you used to pay for your order or purchase.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.7 We reserve the right to make a deduction from the amount of the refund for loss in value of t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
he goods returned where the goods show signs of unreasonable use; for these purposes, unreasonable use includes handling the goods beyond what is necessary to establish the nature, characteristics and functioning of the goods. We may withhold any refund u
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 n\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 til we have received the goods or you have supplied proof of return for the goods.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Faulty Goods
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.8 Where the goods are being returned because they are faulty or incorrect, within 30 calendar days of the date of purchase, we responsible to cover the delive\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ry cost; but after 30 calendar days, the customer pays for the shipping cost to return products for exchange, repair or refund.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.9 Without prejudice to your right to cancel orders generally under this clause 7, if you have notified us of a problem with th\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
e goods within 30 days of delivery or collection, you may cancel the order (or part of the order affected) and refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.10 If an item develops a fault after 30 days following delivery, and where the \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
manufacturer has provided a helpline, repair service or warranty, you should contact the manufacturer direct. If there is no such service or warranty with the product, in most instances we will either offer a repair or where this is not }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 possible,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  we will re
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 place the item with the same or an equivalent model.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.11 For our complete Return and Warranty Policy, please see our website }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
HYPERLINK https://www.dazteck.tk/return-warranty-policy.html }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b7e000000680074007400700073003a002f002f007700770077002e00640061007a007400650063006b002e0074006b002f00720065007400750072006e002d00770061007200720061006e00740079002d0070006f00
6c006900630079002e00680074006d006c000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c825dc485276300000000a5ab0003}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
https://www.dazteck.tk/return-warranty-policy.html}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Legal Rights as\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  a Consumer
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 7.12 The provisions of this clause 8 do not affect your legal rights if you are a consumer.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8. Liability
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.1 If you purchase goods from us as a consumer (which means anyone who acts outside the course of their business, trade or profession), to the extent not prohibited by law, we accept no liability for any:
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.1.1 loss which is not foreseeable (loss is fores\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
eeable if it was an obvious consequence of our breach or if it was contemplated by you and us at the time you and we entered into our contract);
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.1.2 loss which arises when we are not at fault or in breach of these Terms and Conditions; and
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.1.3 business\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  loss (which includes loss of profits, loss of business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses, as well as business interruption).
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.2 If you are a trade customer, we shall not be liable to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 you (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 whether in contract, tort (includ\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ing negligence), breach of statutory duty or }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 otherwise) for}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  any: (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
) loss of profits, business, contracts, goodwill, business opportunity and other similar losses, or any business interruption; or (ii) indirect or consequential loss, neither will we be liab\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
le to you for any other loss which is not a foreseeable consequence of us being in breach of these Terms and Conditions or our legal duties.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.3 If you are a trade customer, you acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions constitute the entire an\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 d only agreement between us
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
8.4 Nothing in these Terms and Conditions is intended to affect your legal rights if you are a consumer, nor is it intended to exclude or limit our liability to you for fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, for death or personal 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 injury resulting from our negligence or for any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded as a matter of applicable law.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.5 Goods are intended for use in the UK only and we cannot confirm that the goods comply with any laws, regulations or other\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 standards applicable outside the UK. All goods are sold in accordance with the manufacturers specifications and are subject to any qualifications, representations or instructions contained in the documentation associated with the goods.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 8.6 If you are a t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
rade customer and subject to clause 8.4, we will not be responsible to you or, in the event that you are undertaking work for another person, to any other person, for the use or installation of any goods by you. Accordingly, if you are a trade customer, y
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
u hereby agree to hold us harmless from and indemnify us against any liability associated with, any claim or allegation that we are responsible for any failings in the installation or use of goods that we supply.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 9. Age Requirements for Specific Goods
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 9.1 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Where you place an order for age-restricted goods you have to confirm that you are over the age of 18 and that (where applicable) delivery will be accepted by a person over the age of 18. We reserve the right to cancel your order or purchase if we reasona
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 b\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ly believe you do not meet the age restrictions for certain goods.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 10. Termination
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 10.1 We may suspend further supply or delivery, stop any goods in transit or terminate our contract by notice in writing to you if you are in breach of an obligation hereund\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
er or you become unable to pay your debts when they fall due or proceedings are or are reasonably likely to be commenced by or against you alleging bankruptcy or insolvency or an administrator, receiver or administrative receiver is appointed or is reason
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
bly likely to be appointed over all or part of your undertaking and assets. Upon termination, any payments you owe to us (even if they are not yet due for payment) will be immediately due and payable and we shall be under no further obligation to supply g
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ods to you.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 11. Events Beyond Our Control
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 11.1 We shall have no liability to you for any failure or delay in supply or delivery or for any damage or defect to goods supplied or delivered hereunder or for any other liability, in each case that is caused by 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control (including, without limitation, accidents, extreme weather conditions, fire, explosion, flood, storm, earthquake, natural disaster, failure of telecommunications networks, inability to use transport 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 n\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
etworks, mechanical failures, acts of God, terrorist attack, war, civil commotion, riots, strikes, lockouts and other industrial disputes, acts or restraints of Government, and imposition or restrictions of imports or exports).
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 12. Disposal of Electrical a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 nd Electronic Equipment
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
12.1 The WEEE regulations (January 2013) ensure that the amount of waste on certain electrical and electronic equipment is reduced, separated from household waste, collected separately and ultimately disposed of in a sound environme
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ntal manner (recycled and recovered). If you are a trade customer, you agree that the collection, recovery/treatment and disposal of non-household Electrical or Electronic Equipment purchased from us will be your responsibility. In the case of household w
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ste, please take this waste to your nearest Designated Collection Facility (DCF) where special facilities exist for correct disposal. To find your nearest DCF please visit the following web site: }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 HYPERLINK www.recycle-more.co.uk }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000010000000303000000000000c0000000000000460000170000007777772e72656379636c652d6d6f72652e636f2e756b00ffffadde000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 www.recycle-more.co.uk}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 1\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 3. General
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 13.1 If any provision of these Terms and }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Conditions (}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
including any provision in which we exclude or limit our liability to you) is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality or enforceability of the other provisions of \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
these Terms and Conditions and the remainder of the provision in question shall not be affected. Our contract shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 13.2 Unless stated otherwise, any "Was" prices shown have been charged for a \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
minimum of 28 days at the previous higher price, and those products were available to buy at that higher price on }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
HYPERLINK www.daztech.tk }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b02000000010000000303000000000000c00000000000004600000f0000007777772e64617a746563682e746b00ffffadde000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 www.daztech.tk}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 on eBay. Please contact us (details below) if you would like further details.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 13.3 All images are f\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 or illustration purposes only. Contents / accessories shown in images are not included unless stated in product description.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 14. Contact Details
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 14.1 If you wish to make an order, cancel or discuss your order, or make a complaint with respect to your order\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
, please contact us by phone on 0800 987 5633, or by email at enquiries@dazteck.tk Calls may be recorded for quality and training purposes.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 15. Privacy Policy
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 15.1 When you provide us with personal information (whether purchasing from us or registering wit\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
h us or otherwise) by doing so you agree to our Privacy Policy in its entirety (available at }{\field{\*\fldinst {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
HYPERLINK https://www.dazteck.tk/privacy.html }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 {\*\datafield 
00d0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b0200000003000000e0c9ea79f9bace118c8200aa004ba90b60000000680074007400700073003a002f002f007700770077002e00640061007a007400650063006b002e0074006b002f0070007200690076006100630079002e00680074006d006c000000795881f43b1d7f48af2c
825dc485276300000000a5ab0003}}}{\fldrslt {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 https://www.dazteck.tk/privacy.html}}}\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 
\ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  )
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 16. Alternative dispute resolution
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 16.1 Alternative dispute resolution is a \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
process where an independent body considers the facts of a dispute and seeks to resolve it, without you having to go to court. The European Union has set up an Online Dispute Resolution (ODR) platform. If you are not happy with how we have handled a compl
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 int about your transaction, disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the ODR Platform at ec.europa.eu.
\par 
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 \hich\f37 Copyright \'a9\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  2019 This Terms & Conditions Policy is the property of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid29063 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Daztek Ltd}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 . Any copying or misuse of this policy will result in prosecution.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe2057\langnp9\insrsid8806035 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c9200000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec59cd8b1bc915bf07f23f347d97f5d5ad8fc1f2a24fcfda33b6b164873dd648a5eef2547789aad28cc56208de532e81c026e49085bd
ed21842cecc22eb9e48f31d8249b3f22afaa5bdd5552c99e191c3061463074977eefd5afde7bf5de53d5ddcf5e26d4bbc05c1096f6fcfa9d9aefe174ce16248d
7afeb3d9a4d2f13d2151ba4094a5b8e76fb0f03fbbf7eb5fdd454732c609f6403e1547a8e7c752ae8eaa5531876124eeb0154ee1bb25e30992f0caa3ea82a34b
d09bd06aa3566b55134452df4b51026a1f2f97648ebd9952e9dfdb2a1f53784da5500373caa74a35b6243476715e5708b11143cabd0b447b3eccb3609733fc52
fa1e4542c2173dbfa6fffceabdbb5574940b517940d6909be8bf5c2e17589c37f49c3c3a2b260d823068f50bfd1a40e53e6edc1eb7c6ad429f06a0f91c569a71
b175b61bc320c71aa0ecd1a17bd41e35eb16ded0dfdce3dc0fd5c7c26b50a63fd8c34f2643b0a285d7a00c1feee1c3417730b2f56b50866fede1dbb5fe28685b
fa3528a6243ddf43d7c25673b85d6d0159327aec8477c360d26ee4ca4b144443115d6a8a254be5a1584bd00bc6270050408a24493db959e1259a43140f112567
9c7827248a21f056286502866b8ddaa4d684ffea13e827ed5174849121ad780113b137a4f87862cec94af6fc07a0d537206f7ffef9cdeb1fdfbcfee9cd575fbd
79fdf77c6eadca923b466964cafdf2dd1ffef3cd6fbd7ffff0ed2f5fff319b7a172f4cfcbbbffdeedd3ffef93ef5b0e2d2146ffff4fdbb1fbf7ffbe7dfffebaf
5f3bb4f7393a33e1339260e13dc297de5396c0021dfcf119bf9ec42c46c494e8a791402952b338f48f656ca11f6d10450edc00db767cce21d5b880f7d72f2cc2
d398af2571687c182716f094313a60dc6985876a2ec3ccb3751ab927e76b13f714a10bd7dc43945a5e1eaf579063894be530c616cd2714a5124538c5d253dfb1
738c1dabfb8210cbaea764ce99604be97d41bc01224e93ccc899154da5d03149c02f1b1741f0b7659bd3e7de8051d7aa47f8c246c2de40d4417e86a965c6fb68
2d51e252394309350d7e8264ec2239ddf0b9891b0b099e8e3065de78818570c93ce6b05ec3e90f21cdb8dd7e4a37898de4929cbb749e20c64ce4889d0f6394ac
5cd829496313fbb938871045de13265df05366ef10f50e7e40e941773f27d872f787b3c133c8b026a53240d4376beef0e57dccacf89d6ee8126157aae9f3c44a
b17d4e9cd131584756689f604cd1255a60ec3dfbdcc160c05696cd4bd20f62c82ac7d815580f901dabea3dc5027a25d5dcece7c91322ac909de2881de073bad9
493c1b9426881fd2fc08bc6eda7c0ca52e7105c0633a3f37818f08f480102f4ea33c16a0c308ee835a9fc4c82a60ea5db8e375c32dff5d658fc1be7c61d1b8c2
be04197c6d1948eca6cc7b6d3343d49aa00c9819822ec3956e41c4727f29a28aab165b3be596f6a62ddd00dd91d5f42424fd6007b4d3fb84ffbbde073a8cb77f
f9c6b10f3e4ebfe3566c25ab6b763a8792c9f14e7f7308b7dbd50c195f904fbfa919a175fa04431dd9cf58b73dcd6d4fe3ffdff73487f6f36d2773a8dfb8ed64
7ce8306e3b99fc70e5e3743265f3027d8d3af0c80e7af4b14f72f0d46749289dca0dc527421ffc08f83db398c0a092d3279eb838055cc5f0a8ca1c4c60e1228e
b48cc799fc0d91f134462b381daafb4a492472d591f0564cc0a1911e76ea5678ba4e4ed9223becacd7d5c16656590592e5782d2cc6e1a04a66e856bb3cc02bd4
6bb6913e68dd1250b2d721614c6693683a48b4b783ca48fa58178ce620a157f65158741d2c3a4afdd6557b2c805ae115f8c1edc1cff49e1f06200242701e07cd
f942f92973f5d6bbda991fd3d3878c69450034d8db08283ddd555c0f2e4fad2e0bb52b78da2261849b4d425b46377822869fc17974aad1abd0b8aeafbba54b2d
7aca147a3e08ad9246bbf33e1637f535c8ede6069a9a9982a6de65cf6f35430899395af5fc251c1ac363b282d811ea3717a211dcbccc25cf36fc4d32cb8a0b39
4222ce0cae934e960d122231f728497abe5a7ee1069aea1ca2b9d51b90103e59725d482b9f1a3970baed64bc5ce2b934dd6e8c284b67af90e1b35ce1fc568bdf
1cac24d91adc3d8d1797de195df3a708422c6cd795011744c0dd413db3e682c0655891c8caf8db294c79da356fa3740c65e388ae62945714339967709dca0b3a
faadb081f196af190c6a98242f8467912ab0a651ad6a5a548d8cc3c1aafb6121653923699635d3ca2aaa6abab39835c3b60cecd8f26645de60b53531e434b3c2
67a97b37e576b7b96ea74f28aa0418bcb09fa3ea5ea12018d4cac92c6a8af17e1a56393b1fb56bc776811fa07695226164fdd656ed8edd8a1ae19c0e066f54f9
416e376a6168b9ed2bb5a5f5adb979b1cdce5e40f2184197bba6526857c2c92e47d0104d754f92a50dd8222f65be35e0c95b73d2f3bfac85fd60d80887955a27
1c57826650ab74c27eb3d20fc3667d1cd66ba341e31514161927f530bbb19fc00506dde4f7f67a7cefee3ed9ded1dc99b3a4caf4dd7c5513d777f7f5c6e1bb7b
8f40d2f9b2d598749bdd41abd26df627956034e854bac3d6a0326a0ddba3c9681876ba9357be77a1c141bf390c5ae34ea5551f0e2b41aba6e877ba9576d068f4
8376bf330efaaff23606569ea58fdc16605ecdebde7f010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d65
2f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f78277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d36
3f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e
3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd5001996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d985
0528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000000000000000000000
0000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000
000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000000000000000000000000019020000
7468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100b6f4679893070000c92000001600000000000000
000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021000dd1909fb60000001b01000027000000
000000000000000000009d0a00007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000980b00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax376\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef0\lsdunhideuseddef0\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 5;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index 9;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 header;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footer;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 index heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of figures;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 envelope return;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 footnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation reference;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 line number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 page number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote reference;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 endnote text;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 table of authorities;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 macro;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 toa heading;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Bullet 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Number 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Closing;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Signature;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 4;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 List Continue 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Message Header;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Salutation;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Date;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text First Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Note Heading;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Body Text Indent 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Block Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 FollowedHyperlink;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Document Map;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Plain Text;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 E-mail Signature;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Top of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Bottom of Form;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal (Web);\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Acronym;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Address;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Cite;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Code;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Definition;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Keyboard;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Preformatted;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Sample;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Typewriter;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 HTML Variable;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Normal Table;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 annotation subject;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 No List;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Outline List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 1;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Simple 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Classic 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Colorful 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 3;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Columns 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 4;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 5;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 6;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 7;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table List 8;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table 3D effects 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Contemporary;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Elegant;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Professional;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Subtle 2;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 2;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Web 3;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Balloon Text;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Table Theme;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;
\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;
\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;
\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;
\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;
\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;\lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;
\lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;\lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;\lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;
\lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;\lsdpriority41 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 1;\lsdpriority42 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 2;\lsdpriority43 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 3;\lsdpriority44 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 4;
\lsdpriority45 \lsdlocked0 Plain Table 5;\lsdpriority40 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table Light;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 1;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 2;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 3;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 3;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 3;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 4;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 4;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 4;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 5;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 3 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 4 Accent 6;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 Grid Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 1;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 1;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 1;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 1;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 1;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 1;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 1;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 2;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 2;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 2;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 2;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 2;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 2;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 3;
\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 3;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 3;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 3;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 3;
\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 3;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 4;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 4;
\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 4;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 4;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 4;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 4;
\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 4;\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 5;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 5;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 5;
\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 5;\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 5;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 5;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 5;
\lsdpriority46 \lsdlocked0 List Table 1 Light Accent 6;\lsdpriority47 \lsdlocked0 List Table 2 Accent 6;\lsdpriority48 \lsdlocked0 List Table 3 Accent 6;\lsdpriority49 \lsdlocked0 List Table 4 Accent 6;
\lsdpriority50 \lsdlocked0 List Table 5 Dark Accent 6;\lsdpriority51 \lsdlocked0 List Table 6 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdpriority52 \lsdlocked0 List Table 7 Colorful Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Mention;
\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Hyperlink;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Hashtag;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Unresolved Mention;\lsdsemihidden1 \lsdunhideused1 \lsdlocked0 Smart Link;}}{\*\datastore 01050000
02000000180000004d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000803c
56aa95ded601feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}